INCIDENT DATE AND TIME: AUGUST 12, 1947
MIDNIGHT (ESTIMATE)
BODY SEARCH IN SOFIA
IN THE EARLY 20TH CENTURY
BODY SEARCH PARTICIPANT: GRIGOR GEORGIEV
(AGE: 28)
"IT" STARTS AT 12 O'CLOCK, MIDNIGHT.
"IT" REPEATS THE SAME DAY FOREVER.
"IT" NEVER ENDS
UNTIL ALL BODY PARTS ARE FOUND.
RE/MEMBER
FESTIVAL COMMITTEE MEMBER SELECTION
BOYS, GIRLS
CHAPEL RENOVATION IN PROGRESS
TAKAHIRO'S REGIONAL GAME
MESSAGE FROM ?????
DO YOU KNOW WHY THE RED PERSON IS RED?
BECAUSE THEY'RE SOAKED IN BLOOD.
BLOODBATH IF YOU'RE CAPTURED.
SO, WHAT'LL YOU DO? TURN RED?
DON'T IGNORE ME.
ANSWER ME.
READ.
READ. READ. READ. READ. READ.
JULY 5, TUESDAY
NAO
WHAT TIME ARE YOU COMING HOME TODAY?
I USED THE MEAT AND POTATO STEW
FROM YESTERDAY TO MAKE CURRY.
EXAMS IN SESSION
STUDENTS MAY NOT ENTER
TAKAHIRO ISE
COME TO SCHOOL
2ND GRADE GIRL'S DISMEMBERED BODY
HEAD YET TO BE FOUND
MIKO ONOYAMA (AGE: 8)
P.A. ROOM
ME, EMILY, PAPA, MAMA
ME
ME, EMILY
COMPARATIVE STUDY OF OCCULT CULTURE
DECIPHERING BODY SEARCHES WORLDWIDE
CLASS 3-A
YUKO SHIRAISHI
COMPARATIVE STUDY OF OCCULT CULTURE
DECIPHERING BODY SEARCHES WORLDWIDE
ACACIA ACADEMY SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL
LOTTERY BOX
YOU'VE BEEN SELECTED
2-G SCHOOL FESTIVAL COMMITTEE
2ND GRADE GIRL BRUTALLY MURDERED
IN VACATION HOME
DISMEMBERED BODY FOUND
2ND GRADE GIRL BRUTALLY MURDERED
WITHIN AMUSEMENT PARK GROUNDS
MIKO ONOYAMA (AGE: 8)
ASUKA MORISAKA (AGE: 8)